fix(ses): Error cause permits (#955)
endojs/endo: packages/ses/NEWS.md

User-visible changes in SES:

# Next release

> - Updates the permits to include the `cause` accessor on all prototypes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updates the permits to include `cause` placeholders on Error prototypes.
```
